emilkerren.se/resume.md, before:

﻿<div style="max-width: 700px; margin: 0 auto; background: #1f1f1f; color: #FFFFFF">
    <div style="float: right">
        <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/C4E03AQHqexL95EDNSQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1646052480264?e=1747267200&v=beta&t=Ii51NTdXp_-HXp7dwJslAtIEfzr4TcIDl5HaHz5fHfM"
            alt="Profile Picture"
            width="220px"
            height="240px"
            style="border-radius: 20%;">
    </div>

<h1>[Emil Kerrén]</h1>
<p>[Soluppgången 22]  [Lund, Skåne, 224 81]  [070-00 98 575]</p>
<p><a href="mailto:emil.kerren@gmail.com">[emil.kerren@gmail.com]</a></p>


<h2>[Profile Summary]  </h2>
Software developer with a strong background in test-automation. Proficient in backend Java development while working in the telecom and automotive industries in Sweden. Educated in C#.NET development with web and game projects. Experienced in testing and passionate about ensuring quality in assignments. Effective team player in agile environments.

<h3>[Skills] 🧰</h3>

- Java
- C#.NET
- Git/Github
- Bash
- Cucumber
- Linux
- Maven
- SQL, Databases
- Kubernetes & Docker
- Amazon Web Services (AWS)
- Postman
- Jira, Azure Devops

<h3>[Education] 🎓</h3>

- 2013-08 - 2015-05: a 2-year vocational school, Software Developer .NET – Cloud services (Microsoft Azure), Teknikhögskolan Malmö.
- 2013 (started): Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering, Högskolan Kristianstad.
- 2011-08 - 2012-07: Technical Preparatory Year, Luleå Tekniska Universitet.
- 2010-08 - 2011-07: a 1-year vocational school, Advanced Flashdeveloper, AcadeMedia Masters, Malmö.

<h3>[Employment] 💼</h3>

- 2024 - Present: Sigma Technology Software Solutions
- 2022 - 2024: Sigma Technology Transformation AB, Software Developer
- 2017 - 2022: Sigma Technology Systems AB, Software Developer
- 2016 - 2017: Experis AB, Software Developer
- 2015: Campus Vänner, WordPress Admin
- 2014 - 2015: GCF Consulting, (Intern) Software Developer

<h3>[Experience]  🌟  </h3>

**DevPort(subconsultant), Tester** 
_Okt 2024 - Mar 2025_
- MVP project for large Nordic IT company
- Static testing by developing test scenarios from requirements
- Backend tests with verification in Postman
- Manual testing in GUI
_Methods and Tools Used:_ Postman, JavaScript/Chai, Azure DevOps

**WirelessCar, Backend Developer Java** 
_Jan 2022 - Jun 2024_
- Developed a test-framework using Java, Cucumber, and Gherkin for testing Volkswagen's electric vehicle platform, MOD4.
- Built test data using API calls triggering AWS Lambdas.
- Performance testing using Gatling
- Remote assignment with occasional office visits in Gothenburg.
- Shared on-call responsibilities within the team.
_Methods and Tools Used:_ Java, AWS, Cucumber, Gatling

**Ericsson AB, Software Developer**
_Jan 2021 - Feb 2022_
- Collaborated in enhancing product life-cycle management on Kubernetes clusters, focusing on zero downtime and successful upgrades/rollbacks.
- Contributed to the development of customer-specific pipeline systems for product upgrades.
_Methods and Tools Used:_ Kubernetes, Docker, Bash, Jenkins, Scala, Java

**EON, Software Developer**
_2020 - Jan 2021_
- Developed a solar-panel roof component on an e-commerce website, involving cost and efficiency calculations.
_Methods and Tools Used:_ Java, JPA, Hibernate, mySql, Azure DevOps


<h3>[Competence] ✨  </h3>

**List of skills and tools with proficiency levels**

| Java - J2EE ★★★★ | C# ★★★ | Integration Test ★★★★ | IntelliJ IDEA ★★★★ |  
| Cucumber/Gherkin ★★★ | Git ★★★★ | JUnit ★★★ | Maven ★★★★ |  
| RESTful ★★★ | Python ★ | Amazon Web Services (AWS) ★★ | Linux ★★★ |  
| Postman ★★★ | Bash ★★ | Kubernetes ★★★ | Docker ★★ | SoapUI ★★ |  
| Jira ★★ | JSON/XML ★★★ | Azure DevOps ★ | Gatling ★

<h3>[Other]</h3>
- Nationality: Swedish
- Driver License: B

<h3>[Personal Information]</h3>  

**Personal Qualities & Interests**  
*Personal qualities*
- Hardworking and task-focused.  
- Analytical and composed.  
- Enjoys utilizing efficiency-enhancing tools.  
- Optimistic.  
- Values social activities.  

*Interests*
- Gaming
- Padel/badminton/running
- Walking with my dog

[References available upon request]

</div>

Commit message:

Update resume.md with Axis experience

emilkerren.se/resume.md, after:

﻿<div style="max-width: 700px; margin: 0 auto; background: #1f1f1f; color: #FFFFFF">
    <div style="float: right">
        <img src="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/v2/C4E03AQHqexL95EDNSQ/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1646052480264?e=1747267200&v=beta&t=Ii51NTdXp_-HXp7dwJslAtIEfzr4TcIDl5HaHz5fHfM"
            alt="Profile Picture"
            width="220px"
            height="240px"
            style="border-radius: 20%;">
    </div>

<h1>[Emil Kerrén]</h1>
<p>[Soluppgången 22]  [Lund, Skåne, 224 81]  [070-00 98 575]</p>
<p><a href="mailto:emil.kerren@gmail.com">[emil.kerren@gmail.com]</a></p>


<h2>[Profile Summary]  </h2>
Software developer with a strong background in test-automation. Proficient in backend Java development while working in the telecom and automotive industries in Sweden. Educated in C#.NET development with web and game projects. Experienced in testing and passionate about ensuring quality in assignments. Effective team player in agile environments.

<h3>[Skills] 🧰</h3>

- Java
- C#.NET
- Git/Github
- Bash
- Cucumber
- Linux
- Maven
- SQL, Databases
- Kubernetes & Docker
- Amazon Web Services (AWS)
- Postman
- Jira, Azure Devops

<h3>[Education] 🎓</h3>

- 2013-08 - 2015-05: a 2-year vocational school, Software Developer .NET – Cloud services (Microsoft Azure), Teknikhögskolan Malmö.
- 2013 (started): Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering, Högskolan Kristianstad.
- 2011-08 - 2012-07: Technical Preparatory Year, Luleå Tekniska Universitet.
- 2010-08 - 2011-07: a 1-year vocational school, Advanced Flashdeveloper, AcadeMedia Masters, Malmö.

<h3>[Employment] 💼</h3>

- 2024 - Present: Sigma Technology Software Solutions
- 2022 - 2024: Sigma Technology Transformation AB, Software Developer
- 2017 - 2022: Sigma Technology Systems AB, Software Developer
- 2016 - 2017: Experis AB, Software Developer
- 2015: Campus Vänner, WordPress Admin
- 2014 - 2015: GCF Consulting, (Intern) Software Developer

<h3>[Experience]  🌟  </h3>

**Axis Communications, Test engineer**
_April 2025 - ongoing_
- Reforming and maintaining testautomation framework for APIs used to gather product information
- Manual testing of UI
  _Methods and Tools Used:_ JavaScript/Chai/Axios, Github Actions

**DevPort(subconsultant), Tester** 
_Okt 2024 - Mar 2025_
- MVP project for large Nordic IT company
- Static testing by developing test scenarios from requirements
- Backend tests with verification in Postman
- Manual testing in GUI
_Methods and Tools Used:_ Postman, JavaScript/Chai, Azure DevOps

**WirelessCar, Backend Developer Java** 
_Jan 2022 - Jun 2024_
- Developed a test-framework using Java, Cucumber, and Gherkin for testing Volkswagen's electric vehicle platform, MOD4.
- Built test data using API calls triggering AWS Lambdas.
- Performance testing using Gatling
- Remote assignment with occasional office visits in Gothenburg.
- Shared on-call responsibilities within the team.
_Methods and Tools Used:_ Java, AWS, Cucumber, Gatling

**Ericsson AB, Software Developer**
_Jan 2021 - Feb 2022_
- Collaborated in enhancing product life-cycle management on Kubernetes clusters, focusing on zero downtime and successful upgrades/rollbacks.
- Contributed to the development of customer-specific pipeline systems for product upgrades.
_Methods and Tools Used:_ Kubernetes, Docker, Bash, Jenkins, Scala, Java

**EON, Software Developer**
_2020 - Jan 2021_
- Developed a solar-panel roof component on an e-commerce website, involving cost and efficiency calculations.
_Methods and Tools Used:_ Java, JPA, Hibernate, mySql, Azure DevOps


<h3>[Competence] ✨  </h3>

**List of skills and tools with proficiency levels**

| Java - J2EE ★★★★ | C# ★★★ | Integration Test ★★★★ | IntelliJ IDEA ★★★★ |  
| Cucumber/Gherkin ★★★ | Git ★★★★ | JUnit ★★★ | Maven ★★★★ |  
| RESTful ★★★ | Python ★ | Amazon Web Services (AWS) ★★ | Linux ★★★ |  
| Postman ★★★ | Bash ★★ | Kubernetes ★★★ | Docker ★★ | SoapUI ★★ |  
| Jira ★★ | JSON/XML ★★★ | Github Actions ★★ | Javascript ★★ | Azure DevOps ★ | Gatling ★

<h3>[Other]</h3>
- Nationality: Swedish
- Driver License: B

<h3>[Personal Information]</h3>  

**Personal Qualities & Interests**  
*Personal qualities*
- Hardworking and task-focused.  
- Analytical and composed.  
- Enjoys utilizing efficiency-enhancing tools.  
- Optimistic.  
- Values social activities.  

*Interests*
- Gaming
- Padel/badminton/running
- Walking with my dog

[References available upon request]

</div>
